{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 SFProDisplay-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 SFProDisplay-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 SFProDisplay-RegularItalic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6620\viewh17800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 FourSix
\f1\b0  is designed to make the 4:6 method simple and easy enough for anyone to try without having to pull out a calculator or remember each pour amount. \
\
Simply pick whether you want a 
\f0\b sweet
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b neutral
\f1\b0 , or 
\f0\b bright
\f1\b0  tasting cup, and then your desired 
\f0\b strength
\f1\b0 . Tap \'93Calculate\'94 and instantly see your resulting recipe broken down in a simple graph. Your chosen 
\f0\b balance
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b strength
\f1\b0  affect how the total water is broken down for each pour.\
\
To start, you\'92ll need:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\i \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Hario V60 dripper cone \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Paper filter\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Pouring kettle (narrow spout)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Digital scale\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Coarsely ground coffee\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Fresh, clean water
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Once you have your recipe, heat your water to about 92\'ba C / 198\'ba F. If you don\'92t have a thermometer, just heat till boiling and let cool for a couple minutes.\
\
Meanwhile, grind your coffee. 
\f2\i Fresh ground coffee is always preferred for the best flavor
\f1\i0 . You should try for a coarse grind, similar to what you\'92d use for French press.\
\
Place the V60 on top of your brewing vessel or cup, then fold your filter seam to the side so it fits flat and place in the V60. Pour hot water into the empty cone to wash the paper filter flavor away and preheat everything. Discard the water.\
\
Pour your ground coffee into the cone and shake it so it\'92s level. Place everything on your scale and make sure to tare the weight so it reads 0g.\
\
Now you\'92re ready to start using the recipe 
\f0\b FourSix
\f1\b0  has calculated. Tap \'93Start\'94 to bring up the 
\f0\b Timer
\f1\b0 . You\'92ll see the current step count, the current amount to pour, the timer count for the current step, and the total amount of water to aim for at the end of the current step.\
\
Start by pressing the play button at the bottom. You\'92ll get a short 3 second countdown so you can prepare your first pour.\
\
Start to pour water till your scale reaches the amount shown under 
\f0\b \'93Total Water\'94
\f1\b0 , making sure to pour in an even, circular motion so all your grounds get wet. If after the first pour, it looks like some of the grounds didn\'92t get any water, give the cone a little swirl, or take a spoon and gently stir. It\'92s important that in the first pour, all the grounds get wet. This is part of the \'93bloom\'94 phase, where the coffee releases CO\sub 2\nosupersub  gas.\
\
Once the timer reaches 
\f2\i 45 seconds
\f1\i0 , you\'92ll hear a chime and the next step will start automatically. Continue following each step, pouring each time till the scale reads the same as the 
\f0\b \'93Total Water\'94
\f1\b0  amount. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Each pour should be about 45 seconds apart, and the water should drain entirely from the cone before the next step.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
If your water drains faster and you want to move to the next step, tap the \'93Next\'94 button in the bottom right of the screen to skip ahead. This is alright, as 45 seconds is just a guideline, not a requirement.\
\
When the timer reaches the final step and the water has completely drained, a notification will show on the screen giving you a quick rundown of your brew session, including the 
\f2\i average time of each step
\f1\i0  and the 
\f2\i total time elapsed
\f1\i0 . Use this to help dial in your process for next time. If the water drained too fast, consider grinding finer. If the water drained too slow, consider grinding coarser. However, flavor should be the ultimate guide. If it\'92s bitter and astringent, grind coarser. If it\'92s sour or empty, grind finer.\
\
Discard the filter and grounds, give the coffee a little stir, and allow to cool for 5 minutes for optimum flavor.\
\
Enjoy!}