{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14860\viewh13400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\slleading30\sb300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Here are some common questions or issues you might have.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\slleading30\sb300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b \cf0 Q: What should my coffee grind size be?
\f0\i0\b0 \uc0\u8232 A: Tetsu Kasuya recommends a coarse grind, similar to French Press. However, it ultimately should come down to taste. Does your cup taste bitter? Grind more coarse. Taste sour? Grind more fine.\

\f1\i\b Q: What temperature should the water be?
\f0\i0\b0 \uc0\u8232 A: It is recommended that your water temperature fit roast level of your coffee. Light roasts can use hotter water - between off boil and 94\'baC. Dark roasts work better with lower temperature water - as low as 80\'baC. Medium roast is in between - around 91\'baC.\

\f1\i\b Q: I poured the right amount, and all the water drained out before even getting to the next step. What\'92s up with that?
\f0\i0\b0 \uc0\u8232 A: Most likely, this is normal. If you follow Tetsu Kasuya\'92s method, he recommends that all the water drain out before moving to the next pour. It\'92s recommended that each pour be about 45 seconds apart, so if all the water drains out a lot faster than that, consider pouring slower or grinding your coffee more fine, especially if it tastes sour. Use the video on the \'93What is 4:6\'94 section of the app for guidance.\

\f1\i\b Q: I poured the right amount, but all the water didn\'92t drain out before the next step like it\'92s supposed to. What\'92s up with that?
\f0\i0\b0 \uc0\u8232 A: Like the previous answer, each pour should drain entirely before starting the next. If yours doesn\'92t, try pouring faster or use a coarser grind, especially if the coffee tastes bitter. Use the video on the \'93What is 4:6\'94 section of the app for guidance.\

\f1\i\b Q: I like brewing more/less coffee than this app will allow. OR I like brewing with a different coffee:water ratio.
\f0\i0\b0 \uc0\u8232 A: The 4:6 method was originally intended for only brewing a single cup of coffee. While it is scalable, doing very large or very small brews may produce undesirable results. This app is designed to brew with a standard of 300g of water and 20g of coffee, just as Tetsu Kasuya did when he won the World Brewer\'92s Championship. A future update will allow you to adjust the amounts to whatever you\'92d like.\

\f1\i\b Q: I have an issue or question not listed here.
\f0\i0\b0 \uc0\u8232 A: Get in touch on Twitter - @jonduenas.}